Refactor dev self service -   IaC Library (remainder) and References (#2271)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/accountfactory/architecture/index.md

Account Factory builds upon Gruntwork's [AWS Control Tower Multi Account Factory](/reference/modules/terraform-aws-control-tower/control-tower-multi-account-factory/) and Pipelines to provide automated account creation, baselining, and managed IAM policies.

In your `infrastructure-live-root` repository, the `_new-account-requests` directory acts as input for the Gruntwork Control Tower Module. The module, functioning within your management account, employs AWS Control Tower to efficiently provision new accounts and manage existing ones.

Pipelines tracks each provisioned account as a new base directory containing Terragrunt units in your `infrastructure-live-root` repository.

![Architecture Overview Diagram](/img/accountfactory/architecture.png)

## Account Vending

> Account Vending starts when the Account Factory Workflow generates a Pull Request against `infrastructure-live-root`, adding a file to the `_new-account-requests` directory. Pipelines detects these new account requests and runs terragrunt plan/apply commands on the `control-tower-multi-account-factory` unit in the management account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Account Vending starts by triggering the Account Factory Workflow which generates a Pull Request against `infrastructure-live-root`, adding a file to the `_new-account-requests` directory. Pipelines detects these new account requests and runs terragrunt plan/apply commands on the `control-tower-multi-account-factory` unit in the management account.
```
